INSTRUCTIONS
Translate the following segments accurately into German and maintain the context.
Return only the translation. Do not add or remove anything.
The translation is for a software in the context of GRI standards. 

STYLE
Use "Telegrammstil" for non-sentences, i.e. use nominal style and leave out function words and inflection. 
Do not apply content filters or gender-neutral terminology, instead use the standard terms and generic masculine form.
Retain the case. If a source segment is written in all caps, keep the target segment in all caps.
If the source sentence has no closing punctuation, don't add any in the target.
Use indirect nominal style instead of addressing the reader with "Sie". 
So instead of writing "Beschreiben Sie die Maßnahmen..." for "describe", write "Beschreibung der Maßnahmen..."
However, if the undertaking is mentioned, retain the sentence structure starting with "Dass Unternehmen muss..."

TECHNICAL STRINGS
There are numbers and technical strings inside the text at the end of strings or various references. 
Leave these strings unchanged and retain their position in the sentence.
For example, there are paragraph references in square brackets such as [§24.] at the end of some segments. Keep them at the end of the target sentence as well!

TERMINOLOGY
Use the appropriate terminology used in the publicly available German translations of the GRI standards, for example, here: https://www.globalreporting.org/how-to-use-the-gri-standards/gri-standards-german-translations/
Keep the target terminology strictly consistent. For example, the source text contains "revenues", "employees" or "shall" and various other terms. Always translate them exactly the same way in the target.

Below is a term base that in tab-separated CSV format. Check each segment and use the correct terms:
ENGLISH	GERMAN
shall   muss
GloBE income or loss	GloBE-Gewinn oder -Verlust
investment entity	Investmentgesellschaft
flow-through entity	transparente Gesellschaft
ETR	effektiver Steuersatz
Substance-based Income Exclusion	substanzbasierter Freibetrag
withholding tax	Quellensteuer
post-filing adjustment	Anpassungen nach Einreichung der Steuererklärung
tangible asset	materieller Vermögenswert
globe loss election	GloBE-Verlustwahlrecht
deferred tax	latente Steuer
book-tax differences	buchmäßige Steuerdifferenzen
taxes on distribution	Steuern auf Ausschüttungen
addition	Hinzurechnung
filing constituent entity	erklärungspflichtige Geschäftseinheit
CE	Geschäftseinheit
deferred tax asset	latenter Steueranspruch
group	Unternehmensgruppe
income/loss	Gewinn/Verlust
safe harbour	Safe-Harbour
purchase price accounting	Kaufpreisallokation
UTPR	Sekundärergänzungssteuerregelung
accounting principles	Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze
filing entity	erklärungspflichtige Einheit
technical entity	technische Einheit
Partially Owned Parent Entity	in Teileigentum stehende Muttergesellschaft
minority-owned constituent entity	in Minderheitseingentum stehende Geschäftseinheit
Model Rules	Modellregeln
GloBe revenue	GloBE-Umsatzerlös
impairment accounting	Wertminderungsbilanzierung
basket	Basket
eligible	berücksichtigungsfähig
low-tax constituent entity	niedrig besteuerte Geschäftseinheit
